name: Domain Piety and Effects
p: Your choice of domains provides you with two additional ways to earn piety during combat, as triggered by specific events. You might even have a single event trigger both your piety effects. For example, the Sun domain grants piety when a nearby creature takes fire or holy damage, while the War domain grants piety when a nearby creature takes damage of 10 + your level or higher. If you have both those domains and a nearby creature takes an appropriate amount of fire damage, you gain piety from both your domains.
p: Additionally, whenever you activate a domain effect by praying for piety, you can choose one of your domains and have that domain's prayer effect take effect immediately.
section: Creation Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that a creature within 10 squares uses an area ability.
def: Prayer Effect :: You summon the forces of creation and create a wall of stone within 10 squares whose size is 5 + your Intuition score. The wall lasts until the end of the encounter.
section: Death Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that a creature within 10 squares who isn't a minion is reduced to 0 Stamina, or the first time in an encounter that a solo creature within 10 squares becomes winded.
def: Prayer Effect :: You inflict a deadly curse on up to two enemies within 10 squares of you. Each target takes corruption damage equal to twice your Intuition score.
section: Fate Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that an ally within 10 squares obtains a tier 3 outcome on a power roll, or an enemy within 10 squares obtains a tier 1 outcome on a power roll.
def: Prayer Effect :: You call on the forces of fate to create a reliable future. Choose a creature within 10 squares. That creature automatically obtains a tier 1 or tier 3 outcome (your choice) on their next power roll made before the end of the encounter.
section: Knowledge Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that the Director spends Malice (see Draw Steel: Monsters).
def: Prayer Effect :: Choose up to five allies within 10 squares of you, or choose yourself instead of one ally. Each target gains 1 surge.
section: Life Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that a creature within 10 squares regains Stamina.
def: Prayer Effect :: Choose yourself or one ally within 10 squares. That character can spend a Recovery, can end one effect on them that is ended by a saving throw or that ends at the end of their turn, or can stand up if they are prone. Alternatively, you or one ally within 10 squares gains temporary Stamina equal to two times your Intuition score.
section: Love Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that you or any ally within 10 squares uses the Aid Attack maneuver or an ability that targets an ally.
def: Prayer Effect :: Each ally within 10 squares of you gains temporary Stamina equal to two times your Intuition score.
section: Nature Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that you or a creature within 10 squares takes acid, cold, fire, lightning, poison, or sonic damage.
def: Prayer Effect :: Vines whip up from the floor or ground within 10 squares, wrapping around a number of creatures equal to your Intuition score. You can slide each creature up to a number of squares equal to your Intuition score. The vines then fade away.
section: Protection Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that you or any ally within 10 squares gains temporary Stamina, or uses a triggered action to reduce incoming damage or to impose a bane or double bane on an enemy's power roll.
def: Prayer Effect :: One ally within 10 squares gains temporary Stamina equal to four times your Intuition score.
section: Storm Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that an enemy within 10 squares is force moved.
def: Prayer Effect :: Each enemy in a 3 cube within 10 squares takes lightning damage equal to twice your Intuition score.
section: Sun Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that an enemy within 10 squares takes fire or holy damage.
def: Prayer Effect :: One enemy within 10 squares takes fire damage equal to three times your Intuition score.
section: Trickery Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that you or a creature within 10 squares takes the Aid Attack or Hide maneuver.
def: Prayer Effect :: You slide one creature within 10 squares of you up to a number of squares equal to 5 + your conduit level.
section: War Domain Piety and Effect
def: Piety :: You gain 2 piety the first time in an encounter that you or a creature within 10 squares takes damage greater than 10 + your level in a single turn.
def: Prayer Effect :: Choose up to three allies within 10 squares of you, or choose yourself instead of one ally. Each target gains 2 surges.
